1. We can not estimate the position of a target node when:
   a. There are no 3 audible anchors for that target nodes. Thus there's no chance to build any triangle.
   b. When the node do not reside inside of any triangle built from the audible anchors.
2. When DOI is applied to the algorithm we may expect: (as we run it in different trials)
   a. Parameters fixed (M N Random Res Grid ANR) Variable (DOI) the Error Estimation may increase.
   b. Parameters fixed (M Random Res Grd ANR DOI) Variable (N) the Error Estimation may decrease.
   How many blindfolded devices? M= 30?
   Res=0.5
   Grd=[0 10]
   ANR=2
   DOI=0
   Dist_neighborhood=2.8
   N varies from 5,7,9,11,13,15,17,19,21
3. Authors did not investigate anchor deployment strategies on estimation accuracy
   a. Same number of anchors, different anchor deployment can produce large difference in estimation accuracy.
4. Deployment of the anchors
   a. When anchors are deployed at the edges of the terrain,even deployment of anchors has better estimation accuracy
   than random deployment of anchors.
   b. When anchors are deployed inside the terrain, uniform deployment of anchors has better estimation performance 
   than random deployment
   c. If anchors radio range is large enough, with the same anchor number, deploying anchors at the edges of terrain
   always yields smaller average location error than deploying anchors inside the terrain. In contrast, when anchors
   radio range is small, deploying anchors inside the terrain outperform deploying anchors at the edges of the terrain.
5. For different anchor deployment strategies, sensor nodes close to the edges of the terrain usually yield large
   estimation errors, or cannot use APIT to get location estimation because they do not fall within any triangles formed
   by anchors.
6. For the simulation which I have run, I see that for different random strategies (random blindfolded devices and
   random anchors) we can not previsualice the error and may vary from one scenario to another.
7. Fix the location of the anchors (e.g. the corners, edges, or center of the deployment), in order to have
   minimized errors and then get the positions of the remaining nodes by using the coordinates of the new anchors?
